project_name=${_xil_proj_name_}
vivado_project_board_part=miner.ebang.com.cn:ebaz4205:part0:1.0
vivado_project_compxlib.activehdl_compiled_library_dir=/home/guido/GitHub/EBAZ4205_SDR_spectrum/Vivado/Vivado.cache/compile_simlib/activehdl
vivado_project_compxlib.funcsim=1
vivado_project_compxlib.modelsim_compiled_library_dir=/home/guido/GitHub/EBAZ4205_SDR_spectrum/Vivado/Vivado.cache/compile_simlib/modelsim
vivado_project_compxlib.overwrite_libs=0
vivado_project_compxlib.questa_compiled_library_dir=/home/guido/GitHub/EBAZ4205_SDR_spectrum/Vivado/Vivado.cache/compile_simlib/questa
vivado_project_compxlib.riviera_compiled_library_dir=/home/guido/GitHub/EBAZ4205_SDR_spectrum/Vivado/Vivado.cache/compile_simlib/riviera
vivado_project_compxlib.timesim=1
vivado_project_compxlib.vcs_compiled_library_dir=/home/guido/GitHub/EBAZ4205_SDR_spectrum/Vivado/Vivado.cache/compile_simlib/vcs
vivado_project_compxlib.xsim_compiled_library_dir=
vivado_project_corecontainer.enable=0
vivado_project_customized_default_ip_location=
vivado_project_default_lib=xil_defaultlib
vivado_project_enable_optional_runs_sta=0
vivado_project_enable_resource_estimation=0
vivado_project_enable_vhdl_2008=1
vivado_project_generate_ip_upgrade_log=1
vivado_project_ip.user_files_dir=/home/guido/GitHub/EBAZ4205_SDR_spectrum/Vivado/Vivado.ip_user_files
vivado_project_ip_cache_permissions=read write
vivado_project_ip_interface_inference_priority=
vivado_project_ip_output_repo=/home/guido/GitHub/EBAZ4205_SDR_spectrum/Vivado/Vivado.cache/ip
vivado_project_is_readonly=0
vivado_project_legacy_ip_repo_paths=
vivado_project_local_ip_repo_leaf_dir_name=ip_repo
vivado_project_mem.enable_memory_map_generation=1
vivado_project_platform.board_id=ebaz4205
vivado_project_platform.default_output_type=undefined
vivado_project_platform.design_intent.datacenter=undefined
vivado_project_platform.design_intent.embedded=undefined
vivado_project_platform.design_intent.external_host=undefined
vivado_project_platform.design_intent.server_managed=undefined
vivado_project_platform.rom.debug_type=0
vivado_project_platform.rom.prom_type=0
vivado_project_platform.slrconstraintmode=0
vivado_project_preferred_sim_model=rtl
vivado_project_project_type=Default
vivado_project_pr_flow=0
vivado_project_revised_directory_structure=1
vivado_project_sim.central_dir=/home/guido/GitHub/EBAZ4205_SDR_spectrum/Vivado/Vivado.ip_user_files
vivado_project_sim.ip.auto_export_scripts=1
vivado_project_sim.ipstatic.source_dir=/home/guido/GitHub/EBAZ4205_SDR_spectrum/Vivado/Vivado.ip_user_files/ipstatic
vivado_project_sim.use_ip_compiled_libs=1
vivado_project_simulator.activehdl_gcc_install_dir=
vivado_project_simulator.activehdl_install_dir=
vivado_project_simulator.modelsim_gcc_install_dir=
vivado_project_simulator.modelsim_install_dir=
vivado_project_simulator.questa_gcc_install_dir=
vivado_project_simulator.questa_install_dir=
vivado_project_simulator.riviera_gcc_install_dir=
vivado_project_simulator.riviera_install_dir=
vivado_project_simulator.vcs_gcc_install_dir=
vivado_project_simulator.vcs_install_dir=
vivado_project_simulator.xcelium_gcc_install_dir=
vivado_project_simulator.xcelium_install_dir=
vivado_project_simulator_language=Mixed
vivado_project_sim_compile_state=1
vivado_project_source_mgmt_mode=All
vivado_project_target_language=Verilog
vivado_project_target_simulator=XSim
vivado_project_tool_flow=Vivado
vivado_project_webtalk.activehdl_export_sim=157
vivado_project_webtalk.ies_export_sim=5
vivado_project_webtalk.modelsim_export_sim=157
vivado_project_webtalk.questa_export_sim=157
vivado_project_webtalk.riviera_export_sim=157
vivado_project_webtalk.vcs_export_sim=157
vivado_project_webtalk.xsim_export_sim=157
vivado_project_webtalk.xsim_launch_sim=242
vivado_project_xpm_libraries=XPM_CDC XPM_FIFO XPM_MEMORY
vivado_project_xsim.array_display_limit=1024
vivado_project_xsim.radix=hex
vivado_project_xsim.time_unit=ns
vivado_project_xsim.trace_limit=65536
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_scoped_to_cells=
sources_1_file_scoped_to_ref=
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=Verilog
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=Verilog
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=Verilog
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation ipstatic
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation ipstatic
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation ipstatic
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation ipstatic
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation ipstatic
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation ipstatic
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation ipstatic
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation ipstatic
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_file_type=VHDL
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation ipstatic
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_file_is_enabled=1
sources_1_file_is_global_include=0
sources_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sources_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sources_1_file_scoped_to_cells=
sources_1_file_scoped_to_ref=
sources_1_file_used_in=synthesis simulation
sources_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
sources_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
sources_1_fileset_dataflow_viewer_settings=min_width=16
sources_1_fileset_design_mode=RTL
sources_1_fileset_edif_extra_search_paths=
sources_1_fileset_elab_link_dcps=1
sources_1_fileset_elab_load_timing_constraints=1
sources_1_fileset_generic=
sources_1_fileset_include_dirs=
sources_1_fileset_lib_map_file=
sources_1_fileset_loop_count=1000
sources_1_fileset_name=sources_1
sources_1_fileset_top=ebaz4205_wrapper
sources_1_fileset_top_auto_set=0
sources_1_fileset_verilog_define=
sources_1_fileset_verilog_uppercase=0
sources_1_fileset_verilog_version=verilog_2001
sources_1_fileset_vhdl_version=vhdl_2k
constrs_1_file_file_type=XDC
constrs_1_file_is_enabled=1
constrs_1_file_is_global_include=0
constrs_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
constrs_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
constrs_1_file_processing_order=NORMAL
constrs_1_file_scoped_to_cells=
constrs_1_file_scoped_to_ref=
constrs_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation
constrs_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
constrs_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
constrs_1_fileset_constrs_type=XDC
constrs_1_fileset_name=constrs_1
constrs_1_fileset_target_constrs_file=$PSRCDIR/Vivado.srcs/constrs_1/imports/new/ebaz4205.xdc
constrs_1_fileset_target_ucf=$PSRCDIR/Vivado.srcs/constrs_1/imports/new/ebaz4205.xdc
sim_2_file_is_enabled=1
sim_2_file_is_global_include=0
sim_2_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sim_2_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sim_2_file_used_in=simulation
sim_2_file_used_in_simulation=1
sim_2_fileset_32bit=0
sim_2_fileset_configure_for_gui_mode=0
sim_2_fileset_force_compile_glbl=0
sim_2_fileset_force_no_compile_glbl=0
sim_2_fileset_generate_scripts_only=0
sim_2_fileset_generic=
sim_2_fileset_hbs.configure_design_for_hier_access=1
sim_2_fileset_hw_emu.debug_mode=wdb
sim_2_fileset_include_dirs=
sim_2_fileset_incremental=1
sim_2_fileset_name=sim_2
sim_2_fileset_nl.cell=
sim_2_fileset_nl.incl_unisim_models=0
sim_2_fileset_nl.process_corner=slow
sim_2_fileset_nl.rename_top=
sim_2_fileset_nl.sdf_anno=1
sim_2_fileset_nl.write_all_overrides=0
sim_2_fileset_simmodel_value_check=1
sim_2_fileset_simulator_launch_mode=off
sim_2_fileset_source_set=sources_1
sim_2_fileset_systemc_include_dirs=
sim_2_fileset_top=ebaz4205_wrapper
sim_2_fileset_top_auto_set=0
sim_2_fileset_top_lib=xil_defaultlib
sim_2_fileset_transport_int_delay=0
sim_2_fileset_transport_path_delay=0
sim_2_fileset_unifast=0
sim_2_fileset_verilog_define=
sim_2_fileset_verilog_uppercase=0
sim_2_fileset_xelab.dll=0
sim_2_fileset_xsim.compile.tcl.pre=
sim_2_fileset_xsim.compile.xsc.more_options=
sim_2_fileset_xsim.compile.xvhdl.more_options=
sim_2_fileset_xsim.compile.xvhdl.nosort=1
sim_2_fileset_xsim.compile.xvhdl.relax=1
sim_2_fileset_xsim.compile.xvlog.more_options=
sim_2_fileset_xsim.compile.xvlog.nosort=1
sim_2_fileset_xsim.compile.xvlog.relax=1
sim_2_fileset_xsim.elaborate.coverage.celldefine=0
sim_2_fileset_xsim.elaborate.coverage.dir=
sim_2_fileset_xsim.elaborate.coverage.library=0
sim_2_fileset_xsim.elaborate.coverage.name=
sim_2_fileset_xsim.elaborate.coverage.type=
sim_2_fileset_xsim.elaborate.debug_level=typical
sim_2_fileset_xsim.elaborate.link.c=
sim_2_fileset_xsim.elaborate.link.sysc=
sim_2_fileset_xsim.elaborate.load_glbl=1
sim_2_fileset_xsim.elaborate.mt_level=auto
sim_2_fileset_xsim.elaborate.rangecheck=0
sim_2_fileset_xsim.elaborate.relax=1
sim_2_fileset_xsim.elaborate.sdf_delay=sdfmax
sim_2_fileset_xsim.elaborate.snapshot=
sim_2_fileset_xsim.elaborate.xelab.more_options=
sim_2_fileset_xsim.elaborate.xsc.more_options=
sim_2_fileset_xsim.simulate.add_positional=0
sim_2_fileset_xsim.simulate.custom_tcl=
sim_2_fileset_xsim.simulate.log_all_signals=0
sim_2_fileset_xsim.simulate.no_quit=0
sim_2_fileset_xsim.simulate.runtime=1000ns
sim_2_fileset_xsim.simulate.saif=
sim_2_fileset_xsim.simulate.saif_all_signals=0
sim_2_fileset_xsim.simulate.saif_scope=
sim_2_fileset_xsim.simulate.tcl.post=
sim_2_fileset_xsim.simulate.wdb=
sim_2_fileset_xsim.simulate.xsim.more_options=
sim_ft_file_is_enabled=1
sim_ft_file_is_global_include=0
sim_ft_file_library=xil_defaultlib
sim_ft_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
sim_ft_file_used_in=simulation
sim_ft_file_used_in_simulation=1
sim_ft_fileset_32bit=0
sim_ft_fileset_configure_for_gui_mode=0
sim_ft_fileset_force_compile_glbl=0
sim_ft_fileset_force_no_compile_glbl=0
sim_ft_fileset_generate_scripts_only=0
sim_ft_fileset_generic=
sim_ft_fileset_hbs.configure_design_for_hier_access=1
sim_ft_fileset_hw_emu.debug_mode=wdb
sim_ft_fileset_include_dirs=
sim_ft_fileset_incremental=1
sim_ft_fileset_name=sim_FT
sim_ft_fileset_nl.cell=
sim_ft_fileset_nl.incl_unisim_models=0
sim_ft_fileset_nl.mode=funcsim
sim_ft_fileset_nl.process_corner=slow
sim_ft_fileset_nl.rename_top=
sim_ft_fileset_nl.sdf_anno=1
sim_ft_fileset_nl.write_all_overrides=0
sim_ft_fileset_simmodel_value_check=1
sim_ft_fileset_simulator_launch_mode=off
sim_ft_fileset_source_set=sources_1
sim_ft_fileset_systemc_include_dirs=
sim_ft_fileset_top=ebaz4205_wrapper
sim_ft_fileset_top_auto_set=0
sim_ft_fileset_top_lib=xil_defaultlib
sim_ft_fileset_transport_int_delay=0
sim_ft_fileset_transport_path_delay=0
sim_ft_fileset_unifast=0
sim_ft_fileset_verilog_define=
sim_ft_fileset_verilog_uppercase=0
sim_ft_fileset_xelab.dll=0
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.compile.tcl.pre=
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.compile.xsc.more_options=
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.compile.xvhdl.more_options=
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.compile.xvhdl.nosort=1
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.compile.xvhdl.relax=1
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.compile.xvlog.more_options=
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.compile.xvlog.nosort=1
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.compile.xvlog.relax=1
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.elaborate.coverage.celldefine=0
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.elaborate.coverage.dir=
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.elaborate.coverage.library=0
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.elaborate.coverage.name=
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.elaborate.coverage.type=
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.elaborate.debug_level=typical
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.elaborate.link.c=
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.elaborate.link.sysc=
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.elaborate.load_glbl=1
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.elaborate.mt_level=auto
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.elaborate.rangecheck=0
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.elaborate.relax=1
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.elaborate.sdf_delay=sdfmax
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.elaborate.snapshot=
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.elaborate.xelab.more_options=
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.elaborate.xsc.more_options=
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.simulate.add_positional=0
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.simulate.custom_tcl=
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.simulate.log_all_signals=0
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.simulate.no_quit=0
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.simulate.runtime=1000ns
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.simulate.saif=
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.simulate.saif_all_signals=0
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.simulate.saif_scope=
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.simulate.tcl.post=
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.simulate.wdb=
sim_ft_fileset_xsim.simulate.xsim.more_options=
utils_1_file_is_enabled=1
utils_1_file_is_global_include=0
utils_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
utils_1_file_netlist_only=0
utils_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
utils_1_file_scoped_to_cells=
utils_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation
utils_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
utils_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
utils_1_file_file_type=TCL
utils_1_file_is_enabled=1
utils_1_file_is_global_include=0
utils_1_file_library=xil_defaultlib
utils_1_file_path_mode=RelativeFirst
utils_1_file_processing_order=NORMAL
utils_1_file_scoped_to_cells=
utils_1_file_scoped_to_ref=
utils_1_file_used_in=synthesis implementation simulation
utils_1_file_used_in_implementation=1
utils_1_file_used_in_simulation=1
utils_1_file_used_in_synthesis=1
utils_1_fileset_name=utils_1
